pages/program.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Program"
header: no
permalink: /program/
---

## Schedule

All times are in the [Central Time Zone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Time_Zone).

+ 11:00 – 11:10: Welcoming Remark (Chair: [Allison Theobold](https://statistics.calpoly.edu/allison-theobold), Cal Poly)

<!---
    - [Ron Wasserstein](https://www.amstat.org/about-asa/ronald-l-wasserstein),
	Executive Director, [American Statistical Association](https://www.amstat.org/)
    - [Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel](https://scholars.duke.edu/person/mine), Professor
      of the Practice and the Director of Undergraduate Studies at the
      [Department of Statistical Science](https://stat.duke.edu/), [Duke University](https://duke.edu/); 
	    and 2023 Chair of the ASA Section on Statistical Computing
---> 

+ 11:10 – 11:50: Keynote Address (Chair: [Allison Theobold](https://statistics.calpoly.edu/allison-theobold))
    - Speaker: [Adrian Raftery](https://sites.stat.washington.edu/raftery/),
        - Blumstein-Jordan Professor of Statistics and Sociology, and Adjunct Professor of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Washington
        - Author of `mclust`
    - Title: TBD

+ 11:50 – 13:05: Data Jamboree (Chair: [Jackson Lautier](https://jacksonlautier.com/), Bentley University) 
  - Each language, in alphabetical order, will be allocated 15-minutes to tackle the same problems from webscraping data on NBA players, followed by questions/answers.
    - Python: [Susan VanderPlas](https://statistics.unl.edu/susan-vanderplas), 
      + Associate Professor, Department of Statistics, University of Nebraska-Lincoln. 
      + [Code]()
    - Julia: [J. Brandon Carter](https://jbcart.github.io/)
      + PhD Candidate, Department of Statistics and Data Science, University of Texas at Austin
      + [Code]()
    - R: [Kelly Bodwin](https://www.kelly-bodwin.com/)
      + Associate Professor, Department of Statistics, Cal Poly
      + [Code]()
+ 13:10 - 14:25: Lightning Session (Chair: [David Dahl](https://dahl.byu.edu/), Brigham Young University)
    - Abstract submission deadline: Wednesday, October 9
    - Notification: Accepted abstracts will be notified by Friday, October 11
    - Submit your abstract [here](https://forms.gle/Rs1RU4K8Cj8ELURh6)
    
<!--
    - Zoe Rehnberg and Emily Robinson, California Polytechnic State University
	<details><summary>Enhancing Statistical Computing Education through Game
	Plans: A Pedagogical Approach</summary>
	In statistical computing education, students often grapple with the
	transition from conceptualizing a data task, such as data wrangling or
	visualization, to writing the necessary code. While students likely have the
	original data set and a vision of the desired outcome, we need to teach
	students how to translate a general task (e.g., add a variable, combine two
	data sets, summarize groups, create a visualization, etc.) into appropriate
	(and correctly ordered) lines of code. Further, as tasks get more
	complicated and datasets get larger, this translation between the data task
	and code becomes increasingly difficult. Drawing from computer science
	education literature, which advocates breaking down steps of complex
	problem-solving tasks and writing about code (Catrambone, 2011), we
	introduced “game planning” into four sections of introductory statistical
	computing that focus on the tidyverse in R. Game plans serve as strategic
	guides that prompt students to map their coding strategies before
	implementation. Students can create game plans in various formats, such as
	pen-and-paper or digital tools like the online whiteboard Excalidraw. Our
	presentation explores the rationale behind game plans, showcases diverse
	student approaches, and provides practical tools and examples, all aimed at
	improving students’ proficiency and structured thinking in statistical
	computing.
	</details>
--->

+ 14:30 - 15:30: Panel Discussion (Moderator: [Steven Chiou](https://www.sychiou.com/))
    - Theme: AI in the Workplace
    - Panelists:
        + [Jane Tan](https://www.smu.edu/cox/business-school-community/faculty/jane-tan)
            - Assistant Professor of Information Technology and Operations Management, SMU Cox School of Business
        + [Noah Giansiracusa](https://www.noahgian.com/)
            - Associate Professor of Mathematics at Bentley University 
            - Author of [*How Algorithms Create and Prevent Fake News*](https://www.noahgian.com/books)

Commit message:

add gail and ron to the program

pages/program.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Program"
header: no
permalink: /program/
---

## Schedule

All times are in the [Central Time Zone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Time_Zone).

+ 11:00 – 11:10: Welcoming Remark (Chair: [Allison Theobold](https://statistics.calpoly.edu/allison-theobold), Cal Poly)
    - [Ron Wasserstein](https://www.amstat.org/about-asa/ronald-l-wasserstein),
	Executive Director, [American Statistical Association](https://www.amstat.org/)

<!---
    - [Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel](https://scholars.duke.edu/person/mine), Professor
      of the Practice and the Director of Undergraduate Studies at the
      [Department of Statistical Science](https://stat.duke.edu/), [Duke University](https://duke.edu/); 
	    and 2023 Chair of the ASA Section on Statistical Computing
---> 

+ 11:10 – 11:50: Keynote Address (Chair: [Allison Theobold](https://statistics.calpoly.edu/allison-theobold))
    - Speaker: [Adrian Raftery](https://sites.stat.washington.edu/raftery/),
        - Blumstein-Jordan Professor of Statistics and Sociology, and Adjunct Professor of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Washington
        - Author of `mclust`
    - Title: TBD

+ 11:50 – 13:05: Data Jamboree (Chair: [Jackson Lautier](https://jacksonlautier.com/), Bentley University) 
  - Each language, in alphabetical order, will be allocated 15-minutes to tackle the same problems from webscraping data on NBA players, followed by questions/answers.
    - Python: [Susan VanderPlas](https://statistics.unl.edu/susan-vanderplas), 
      + Associate Professor, Department of Statistics, University of Nebraska-Lincoln. 
      + [Code]()
    - Julia: [J. Brandon Carter](https://jbcart.github.io/)
      + PhD Candidate, Department of Statistics and Data Science, University of Texas at Austin
      + [Code]()
    - R: [Kelly Bodwin](https://www.kelly-bodwin.com/)
      + Associate Professor, Department of Statistics, Cal Poly
      + [Code]()
+ 13:10 - 14:25: Lightning Session (Chair: [David Dahl](https://dahl.byu.edu/), Brigham Young University)
    - Abstract submission deadline: Wednesday, October 9
    - Notification: Accepted abstracts will be notified by Friday, October 11
    - Submit your abstract [here](https://forms.gle/Rs1RU4K8Cj8ELURh6)
    
<!--
    - Zoe Rehnberg and Emily Robinson, California Polytechnic State University
	<details><summary>Enhancing Statistical Computing Education through Game
	Plans: A Pedagogical Approach</summary>
	In statistical computing education, students often grapple with the
	transition from conceptualizing a data task, such as data wrangling or
	visualization, to writing the necessary code. While students likely have the
	original data set and a vision of the desired outcome, we need to teach
	students how to translate a general task (e.g., add a variable, combine two
	data sets, summarize groups, create a visualization, etc.) into appropriate
	(and correctly ordered) lines of code. Further, as tasks get more
	complicated and datasets get larger, this translation between the data task
	and code becomes increasingly difficult. Drawing from computer science
	education literature, which advocates breaking down steps of complex
	problem-solving tasks and writing about code (Catrambone, 2011), we
	introduced “game planning” into four sections of introductory statistical
	computing that focus on the tidyverse in R. Game plans serve as strategic
	guides that prompt students to map their coding strategies before
	implementation. Students can create game plans in various formats, such as
	pen-and-paper or digital tools like the online whiteboard Excalidraw. Our
	presentation explores the rationale behind game plans, showcases diverse
	student approaches, and provides practical tools and examples, all aimed at
	improving students’ proficiency and structured thinking in statistical
	computing.
	</details>
--->

+ 14:30 - 15:30: Panel Discussion (Moderator: [Steven Chiou](https://www.sychiou.com/))
    - Theme: AI in the Workplace
    - Panelists:
        + [Jane Tan](https://www.smu.edu/cox/business-school-community/faculty/jane-tan)
            - Assistant Professor of Information Technology and Operations Management, SMU Cox School of Business
        + [Noah Giansiracusa](https://www.noahgian.com/)
            - Associate Professor of Mathematics at Bentley University 
            - Author of [*How Algorithms Create and Prevent Fake News*](https://www.noahgian.com/books)
        + [Gail Burrill](https://directory.natsci.msu.edu/Directory/Profiles/Person/102827?org=39&group=81)
            - Mathematics Specialist in PRIME (Program in Mathematics Education) at Michigan State University
            - Co-director of the Institute for Advanced Study’s International Seminar in the Park City Mathematics Institute
